## Online clothing store built with Typescript and React, Redux and Firebase. 

Check it out here: https://rad-centaur-dd67dd.netlify.app

A fully responsive online shopping platform built alongside my journey of learning react and the ecosystem around it. It features a login-system (Firebase Auth) and a database (Firestore) to store all the products and product related information. Global app state is managed with Redux Toolkit - after learning and leveraging React Context API and core Redux before. For styling I am currently using Styled Components (i'm not a fan of it and might switch to Tailwind CSS in the future) in combination with SCSS as well as React Transition Group to trigger animations and transitions. The whole app is built using Typescript. Images are taken from different online shopping platforms (like Asos and H&M).

The visual design is mostly shaped by two decisions: When viewing the site on desktop, I wanted to use the whole height of the user's viewport to display the content of the page, meaning the navigation would live on the side. This way the users view isn't blocked by a Header section that takes up 50 % of the height (like it often is the case). The second decision that shaped the design of this app was to go with a very minimalistic approach. Meaning less borders, less background colors, less shadows. Trying to indicate sections just by placing the content on an "invisible grid". This approach was more of an experiment as i like minimalistic design, but i think it worked out better than expected.

This app is work in progress. Right now i'm working on implementing a checkout procedure and the stripe API to allow (test) payments.